Stop the tileHighlights from appearing on collision tiles, and tiles which contain other objects they should not be
    able to pass through (e.g. other actors).
    -poss. loop through mapGrid[] and check value of position in array, and have it not draw if it is position 5.
    -not sure about other actors. Poss. a second for loop within the first, but that seems like it would be really
        inefficient.

Figure out how to get the round number to increment at the start of the first actor's turn in the new round, not
    at the start of the last actor's turn in the previous round (which is the current case).
        -poss. trigger a loop to start when the turnOrderReset value is reset to 0, and have the loop end at the start
        of the next round which causes the round number to increment then.

Add in literally all of the abilities for characters.
    -figure out all of the abilities for characters.

In gameTurn.js on line 72:
    Find a better way of writing the show/hide functionality for actor specific abilities and buttons. Can't think of a
    good way of doing that right now.

In gameAbilities:
    Ranged abilities will work on things that are on the same X or Y axis as the current actor, but do not handle
    diagonals.
    -Poss. solvable by setting up two arrays that hold all of the possible xPositions away from the current actor
        (i.e. [currentX -1][currentX -2] etc, and the same for the yPositions. Then get it to loop through the two of
        those arrays, and check if it ever equals two of those values at the same time.
        -This would also possibly make the writing of the if statements to check for an actor under the mouse click a
        little easier to write.
    -Have rough working version on line 72. However, this creates a square around the character of possible target
        tiles. Would prefer if it was more like the possible movement tiles (i.e. pretty much a square, but rotated
        45 degrees). Need to figure out how to do that without having to write lengthly bloody code like I did for the
        tile highlights.

Add in a "Spawn far too many kobolds!" button. V. IMPORTANT
